Publish new upgrade section (#5396)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/upgrading/api-calls/index.md

| Manifest V2 method or property        | Replace with                                         |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `chrome.extension.connect()`          | `chrome.extension.connect()`                         |
| `chrome.extension.getExtensionTabs()` | `chrome.extension.getViews()`                        |
| `chrome.extension.getURL()`           | `chrome.runtime.getURL()`                            |
| `chrome.extension.lastError`          | Where methods return promises, use `promise.catch()` |
| `chrome.extension.onConnect`          | `chrome.runtime.onConnect`                           |
| `chrome.extension.onMessage`          | `chrome.runtime.onMessage`                           |
| `chrome.extension.onRequest`          | `chrome.runtime.onRequest`                           |
| `chrome.extension.onRequestExternal`  | `chrome.runtime.onMessageExternal`                   |
| `chrome.extension.sendMessage()`      | `chrome.runtime.sendMessage()`                       |
| `chrome.extension.sendRequest()`      | `chrome.runtime.sendMessage()`                       |

> | `chrome.runtime.onSuspend` (background scripts) | Not supported in extension service workers. Use the web platform events `beforeunload` and `unload` instead. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `chrome.runtime.onSuspend` (background scripts) | Not supported in extension service workers. Use the [`beforeunload`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/beforeunload_event) document event instead. |
```

> | `chrome.runtime.onSuspend` (background scripts) | Not supported in extension service workers. Use the [`beforeunload`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/beforeunload_event) document event instead. |

Author: I rephrased and added a link. MDN [recommends agains `unload`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event#usage_notes) so I took it out.

chrome.tabs.executeScript(
  tab.id,
  {
    file: 'content-script.js'
  }
);
```

{% CompareCaption %}
In a background script file.
{% endCompareCaption %}

{% endCompare %}

{% Compare 'better', 'Manifest V3' %}
```json
async function getCurrentTab()
let tab = await getCurrentTab();

chrome.scripting.executeScript({
  target: {tabId: tab.id},
  files: ['content-script.js']
});
```

{% CompareCaption %}
In the extension service worker.
{% endCompareCaption %}

{% endCompare %}

## Replace tabs.insertCSS() and tabs.removeCSS() with scripting.insertCSS() and scripting.removeCSS() {: #replace-insertcss-removecss }

In Manifest V3, `insertCSS()` and `removeCSS()` move from the `tabs` API to the [`scripting` API](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/). This requires changes to permissions in the manifest file in addition to code changes:

* The `"scripting"` permission.
* Either host permissions or the `"activeTab"` permission.

Replace the `"tabs"` permission with the `"scripting"` permission.
* Remove the `"activeTab"` permission.
* Remove any hosts from the `"permissions"` and the `"optional_permissions"` fields. You do not need to add them to the new `"host_permissions"` field.

> 

Author: My inclination is to remove earlier text since this is more detailed.

> 

Reviewer: Actually, line 71 is not accurate since the `"tabs"` permission was not needed to use `tabs.insertCSS()`.

> 

Author: What about `removeCSS()`?

> 

Reviewer: Same thing, only host permissions or activeTab permissions are needed. executeScript(), insertCSS, and removeCSS all require the same type of permissions.
